Information you provide to us
Account information.

When you create a Discord account, you can come up with a username and password, and provide a way of contacting you (such as an email address and/or phone number).

You’ll also need to provide your birthday.

In some cases, we may require additional information to verify your age.

You may be required to verify your account or provide additional information (like a verified phone number) to your account.

You may also have the option to add your name or choose a display name.

Content you create.

This includes any content that you upload to the service.

For example, you may write messages or posts (including drafts), send voice messages, create custom emojis, or post other content that you create with features that we develop.

You may also upload and share files through the services.

This also includes your profile information and the information you provide when you create servers.

We generally do not store the contents of video or voice calls or channels.

If we were to change that in the future (for example, to facilitate content moderation), we would disclose that to you in advance.

We also don’t store streaming content when you share your screen, but we do retain the thumbnail cover image for the stream for a short period of time.

We may build features that help users engage with voice and video content, like create or send short recordings.

Payment information.

If you buy any paid services through Discord, you may need to submit a valid payment method and associated billing information, including your full name and billing address.

Our payment processors, like Stripe and PayPal, receive and process your payment information.

Depending on the processor, we may also receive and store certain billing information, including the last four digits of the credit card number associated with the transaction.

If you sell something through Discord, you may be required to provide additional information to Discord or to our payment processors, such as bank account information to facilitate payments, tax identification information, and copies of government issued identification required to identify users in accordance with regulatory obligations.

If we decide to process our own payments in the future, we would receive and process this information ourselves.

Information from actions you take.

We collect information about your use of Discord and your activities on the services.

This includes information such as the friends you add, the users, bots, and apps you engage with, the servers or other communities you join and participate in, your roles in servers, content moderation decisions you make, information about purchases or sales you make on or through Discord including what you purchased or sold, and other related actions.

We may also collect limited information from your device while Discord is running (such as the game you are playing).

You can control the extent to which we collect, use, and display this information as described in the “How to control your privacy” section below.

Information from optional features.

Certain features, like contact syncing, may require that you provide additional information (or grant us access to such information) to make them work.

This also includes if you choose to interact with sponsored content, enable integrations, or authorize third-party services to share data with us.

For example, when you link a music streaming or game account, we may collect information about that account such as the song you are listening to or the game you are playing in order to display that information on your profile or as your status (if you have chosen to do so).

Other information you provide directly to us.

You may have the option to submit additional information as you use Discord.

For example, you may participate in surveys where you can provide feedback on the services, or submit information to our Discord Support teams.

Information we collect automatically
We also collect information automatically from you when you use Discord.

Information about your device.

We collect information about the device you are using to access the services.

For example, this includes information like your IP address, operating system information, browser information, and information about your device settings, such as your microphone and/or camera.

Information about your use of the apps or websites.

For example, we collect log and event information related to how and when you use our services (such as the pages, servers, and channels you visit, the activities you engage in, the features you use, and the surfaces or embedded content you interact with).

Other information that we collect automatically.

When you take certain actions on other sites, we may receive information about you.

For example, when we advertise for Discord on third party platforms, if you click on the ad, we may receive information about which ad you saw and on which platform.

Similarly, we may also receive certain information when you click on a referral link, such as which website you came from.

We may receive information from cookies (small text files placed on your computer or device) and similar technologies.

